Sir, Miss Ji, welcome back.
Welcome back.  From now on, please address me as
Madam. Sir.
Allow me to introduce
my wife.
Ji Pinglu, from the Netherlands.
My wife.  It's been a while.
Dier, my younger sister.
You've met my sister before.  And Zoro,
my butler and
intelligence analyst.  Lei
De, my lawyer.
And Rui Ao,
my deputy head of firepower.
I'll let the matter of you losing someone slide.
We're not going to pursue it.
We had you come all this way
to the airport to formally
introduce his wife.
.
Since your brother returned from Thailand,
he seems much calmer.
Marriage clearly has
a significant effect on men.
Indeed.
Someone I recently assisted contacted me,
saying they urgently need supplies.
The quantity is far greater than in any previous transaction
they've had with us.
By far.